The process begins with aspiring football players getting enrolled in the organization's academy system, after which they undergo thorough evaluation by the academy's technical staff for a period of at least 6 months. Candidates for enrollment are found by two primary methods - rigorous scouting by the orgnisation's scouting parties and periodic auditions held at strategic times of the year. The organisation's scouting parties are positioned in various locations all around the country, thorughly combing through the local teenage talent and gradually expanding internationally as the establishment grows. This approach ensures that the number of talented local players avaliable for enrollment is maximized and a solid base to begin evaluation of said talent is established. The process of evaluation occurs in two dimensions - learning ability and attitude. Students in the academy are put through various courses of learning, on and off the field, with their progress in the aforementioned dimensions are closely monitored by experienced and dedicated academy personnel. Students who are unable to meet certain thresholds in tests administered periodically are evicted, leaving room for new recruits. This process occurs iteratively until a student is deemed ready for participation in football on a global level.
From the moment a student is enrolled in the academy they are eligible to play on the ELITE SPACE FOOTBALL Academy team in football matches, friendlies and competitive games organized by the orginization and/or her affiliates, including but not limited to the National FA (The Nigerian Football Federation). These games are documented, collated, and made available to interested parties and the public, through various channels, with the aim of putting the students on a stage from which their progress can also be monitored by interested parties. The videos also serve to entertain and build a support base for the organization's football team(s), leveraging on the power of social connectivity created by the infrastructure that is the internet (mainly through social media). All information regarding the students are collated by the organization and all channels of communication with the students regarding their professional careers pass through the organization and her network of agents.
ELITE SPACE FOOTBALL seeks to grow, like any for profit organization, and understands that the footballing industry is highly collaborative, with success heavily depending on the timing and quality of connections. The organization is thus open to partnering with interested parties to enable it achieve its various goals, with the desire to find lasting connections globally that drive the organization to this end, and the belief that the the world is yet to see the best that African football has to offer.
